README.md, before:

# John2.0
## First try to create a game with python language

A little game where you have to find some passwords to continue.

### In development...
Developed with Spyder IDE, WinPython 64 bits v3.6.5 

Executable only on Windows (due to some used functions) 

There are plenty of dialogs in French (do not be afraid)

Sorry, comments are in French too, I will translate it when I will have the time

### Wanna help me?
- Please if you want to help me, I am trying to make a "fight" (as in Pokemon games you know?), where the user can choose the actions, and fight the "Corruption".
==> file location : Ne_pas_ouvrir/deplacer.py

	- I am working on the cursor allowing to choose item or attack, then which action to do.

- There are "continue checks" to do on "Ne_pas_ouvrir/deplacer.py", because currently you only have to close the windows to continue through the chapter. It is kind of cheating so. 
Made but could be improved : Now it is a cache system to create keys to check if the user did correctly what is ask to him/her.

- There are also data entry checks, other bug fixes to make, and maybe other stuff I did not see.

- You can help me to translate comments if you want too.

Thank you for your help!

Commit message:

Finished the fight chapter | Updated README file

README.md, after:

# John2.0
## First try to create a game with python language

A little game where you have to find some passwords to continue.

### In development...
Developed with Spyder IDE, WinPython 64 bits v3.6.5 

Executable only on Windows (due to some used functions) 

There are plenty of dialogs in French (do not be afraid)

Sorry, comments are in French too, I will translate it when I will have the time

### Wanna help me?
Please if you wanna help me there is some points here I have to check:

- There are "continue checks" to do on "Ne_pas_ouvrir/deplacer.py", because currently you only have to close the windows to continue through the chapter. It is kind of cheating so. 
	- ==> Made but could be improved : Now it is a cache system to create keys to check if the user did correctly what is ask to him/her.

- There are also data entry checks, other bug fixes to make, and maybe other stuff I did not see.

- Maybe I should tidy my code, make it more readable (yes I know it is a great mess) because I know it can be a lot better and efficient.

- You can help me to translate comments if you want too.

Thank you for your help!
